How do I explain this? Should I say
I was pinned against a wall
and kissed by a strange man?
And that man also
forced me to break up?
I’m fine.
Have some water.
Thanks, Wu Tai.
Sorry,
I accidentally
lost your camera earlier.
When we get back to Rome,
I’ll buy you a new one.
Nah, it’s fine. That
camera wasn’t expensive anyway.
But, Linlin,
what… what happened just now?
Wu Tai, I just ran
into a man.
He told us to break up.
Does he think dating is child’s play,
breaking up just like that?
But, Linlin,
why would he do that?
Could it be… he likes you too?
He can’t possibly like me.
A cold-blooded killer like him,
could he even like someone?
What he likes is probably just the thrill
of taking and conquering.
Then he must be seriously messed up.
What right does he have
to make us break up,
right?
But… he’s terrifying.
He… he’s killed people.
How do you know?
Back in Bangkok,
I saw them fighting
at the club.
A lot of people died at the scene.
It’s okay, Linlin.
As long as we get back to Rome,
you’ll be safe. Let’s go.
Let’s go.
Chinese Subtitles Team